fix(performance-troubleshooting): improve connectors (#1681)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/performance-troubleshooting.adoc

== Connectors

If a connector execution duration exceeds the configured timeout (300 seconds by default), an exception will be raised in the log: 
[source,log]
----
Caused by: org.bonitasoft.engine.connector.exception.SConnectorException: The connector timed out
---- 

> For Subscription Edition only, this timeout can be increased in the Connector service configuration in `bonita-tenant-community-custom.properties` and `bonita-tenant-sp-custom.properties` (See xref:BonitaBPM_platform_setup.adoc[platform setup]) by increasing the value of the property `bonita.tenant.connector.timeout`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
for subscription editions only.
====
This timeout can be increased in the Connector service configuration in  `bonita-tenant-sp-custom.properties` (See xref:BonitaBPM_platform_setup.adoc[platform setup]) by increasing the value of the property `bonita.tenant.connector.timeout`.  
```

== Connectors

If a connector execution duration exceeds the configured timeout (300 seconds by default), an exception will be raised in the log: 
[source,log]
----
Caused by: org.bonitasoft.engine.connector.exception.SConnectorException: The connector timed out
---- 
[NOTE]
====

> for subscription editions only.

Reviewer 2: ⚠️ This is not the wording we use in other pages.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27200110/135838915-9616aa0f-3554-44c9-aa04-c779e8cc531f.png)

or "In Teamwork, Efficiency, Performance and Enterprise editions"
